Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Someone said.
the last emperor of China was Pu-yi.
He became emperor in 1908. named Hsuan-tung.
He was just three years old.
After the 1911 revolution.
a new government established.
Emperor Hsuan-tung had ruled the empire
for three years only.
So. instead of saying Hsuan-tung
was the last emperor of China.
it would be more appropriate
to claim Tzu-hsi the last empress.
Tzu-hsi started to rule Ching Dynasty in 1861.
Her son. Emperor Tung-chin.
Huang-hsu
and Hsuan-tung. all were puppets.
The real one to control the fate of late Ching.
was the mysterious
and hard-hearted Empress Dowager.
In her reign which last 48 years.
piles of corpses were stepped by her feet.
How could she
gain such supreme power?
Every night she had the same nightmare
You're my woman.
Merciful God. please bless Yu-lan
to go into the palace without difficulties.
And to be loved by the emperor!
Kou-tow now.
You should be sincere! Put the cat away.
Put it down.
No. if I let it go. it will run away.
You'll be the emperor's concubine few days later.
don't act like a kid.
I've to take Tung with me.
When was your daughter born?
Around 3 pm.
Right.
I'm going there to have fun.
Yu-lan.
Your daughter was born between 3 to 5 pm.
Good timing.
Madam. do you mind me being frank?
Go ahead.
Your daughter will be a great person.
She will get unlimited fame and fortune.
But...
What?
She harms others.
Will she harm her husband?
Not only this.
She will harm her son. her friend.
her family and her country.
If this girl was my daughter.
| would have killed her when she was born.
Tung Tung.
What're such bull shit?
| won't charge you. Please go.
Please go.
Mind your tongue.
| am going to tell the master of this temple.
Yu-lan...
Your Highness.
you are good at Kung-fu and literature.
But. | sense blood from your writing.
It's not suitable to be placed
in such a peaceful temple.
The Kiang Ning Treaty insulted our country.
The foreigners intend
to gain benefits from us.
My brother is too kind.
and because of his poor health.
Su-shun. Tun-wah
and their fellows control the court.
Thieves and robbers are everywhere.
Tell me. how can | put my worries behind?
This is fate.
Your Highness. you can't fight with fate.
so why worry so much?
| hate myself.
| hate myself not being loved by my father.
If I could be in-charge of the court.
| wouldn't have been fooled by others.
Your Highness. beware!
If someone framed you with your words.
it would bring you to severe punishment.
Right.
| was so careless. thank you for reminding me.
This is mine.
Who is it?
Tung Tung.
This is mine.
You have been staying here?
Your handwriting is so pretty.
Can you read this?
I've studied for few years.
"Dragon flies in China. to kill the rebels
with sharp swords"
By Prince Kung.
Can you write?
No.
You heard what we say. didn't you?
Yes. but | don't understand.
Yu-lan...
Master.
It's |late.
Let's go.
You shouldn't talk to men!
Go.
It's funny.
Go now. it's getting dark.
SO many robbers are around.
Mom. how does the robber look like?
With beard. so scaring.
They kill with no mercy.
And they rape too.
| do want to see how a robber looks like.
Mind your tongue. don't look. don't look.
Robbers are coming. go now.
Where are you going to?
Leave us alone.
Alright. I'll ask master to arrest you.
You're looking for trouble!
Yu-lan. mind your tongue. run now.
Don't go. freeze.
No... No.
Miss. the robber is killed.
It's me.
That's him. kill him!
Close your eyes.
You may open your eyes now.
Sorry. Miss.
you are...
| am called Yu Lan. surname Hui.
Your dad...
He is a junior official. Hui Ching.
I'll ask someone to propose to your dad.
| want to marry you.
No.
Don't worry. | am Prince Kung.
| am the 6th brother of His Majesty.
| don't think your dad will object.
No.
Are you engaged?
Which family?
| am chosen to be His Majesty's concubine.
Why?
Why is she the woman of His Majesty?
Why does he gain all best things?
What's wrong with you?
Don't tell others about what's just happened.
Otherwise. you will have many troubles
after you reach the palace.
Inside the palace.
just pretend you've never seen me.
Tung Tung.
Don't shout. or you will be caught and cooked.
Lady Ian. you can't peep.
This is our regulations.
| am called Xiao-an.
Thank you.
She is the most pretty concubine among this batch.
Damn! | am more beautiful than her.
Come and see! What a shame!
So funny!
Long life to Your Majesty.
What's your name?
| am called Yu-lan. my surname is Hui.
Eunuch Kwok.
Dismiss.
Yes.
Ladies. here is your palace.
You will live here from now on.
And you'll be waiting for His Majesty's call.
You are our masters.
just instruct us to do everything.
We will do whatever you want.
If you are pregnant
and become the queen.
please remember we have served you
with all our might.
That would be our greatest pleasure.
May | know your surname?
My name is Kwok.
Eunuch Kwok.
It's my pleasure.
Hope you would take good care of us.
This is our job. it's our must to do so.
Well. | will assign room A to you.
That room face east and...
Xiu Ian. come here.
Eunuch Kwok.
She is the best among the maids.
let her serve you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Lady Li. this way please.
Eunuch.
Why the room stinks?
You will be used to that.
Are you going to assign me a room?
Right. this is the only one left.
But it's leaking.
Alright. I'll ask someone to mend it.
How about the maid?
Maid? Short of supply.
Just live alone.
Who is she?
I've just taken a short rest.
She is famous here.
She is Da-niu.
she is responsible for cleaning toilet.
She always loves sleeping.
| will pack up the bed first.
What a poor girl!
Damn!
Lady Ian.
Xiu-an. do | have to live here?
Yes. Lady Ian. we can't help
letting you live in other better place.
| am leaving.
Wait. Da-niu. | think.
just help Lady Ian to clean up. will you?
Great!
Thank you.
| will get some water for you to take a bath.
Take a rest first.
Tung Tung.
we have to live here.
Luckily you are keeping me company.
His Majesty... does he choose me?
Congratulations. you are chosen by His Majesty.
Tung Tung. this is my great time!
Lady Ian. time's up. you've to prepare.
Prepare what?
To take a bath. and to make yourself pretty.
Right.
what should | wear?
What?
Don't you know the regulations?
The lady should wear nothing!
And she would be covered by quilted coverlet
and sent to the palace.
What a shame!
Did Eunuch Kwok teach you?
No.
You haven't bribed him.
| will do you another favour. sit down first.
| will teach you everything.
| will wait and see how long can you enjoy that!
Da-niu. bring me some incense. to worship God.
If you bear the baby of His Majesty.
we will have face.
Yeah...
Stop day dreaming.
Don't be too hard-hearted.
Pay attention. or you'll fall into the well.
Right...
What did you say?
Pay attention.
Isn't she great?
How can she compare with you?
Cut the crap. | don't think
His Majesty will choose her everyday.
Sister. can you hear the cry
of Kitty coming from Ian's room?
Wait. don't go in.
It's going to rain.
Don't you know that? 3 senior courtiers
came to visit His Majesty at midnight.
That must be something important.
who dares go in?
His Majesty. now the army
of Tai Ping Kingdom is threatening us.
If you don't agree to increase our military force.
Hung Hsiu-chuan will get a chance!
Increase military force?
But the previous increments were all in vain.
Sheng Pao & Senggerinchin are rubbish.
His Majesty. don't get angry.
We come late cause we'd like to advise you
to increase military force.
Please have your order. it's urgent.
| will think over it.
Your Majesty. no matter considering it or not.
you've to increase military force.
Why?
Because extra army has been sent out.
Are you threatening me?
| dare not.
It's going to rain. what a bad luck.
Why do | have stomach ache?
You've to tolerate.
Help.
What's the matter?
Lady Ian. what's the matter?
A cockroach... it comes inside.
Cockroach?
Lady Ian. this is the restricted palace.
Even an ox climbs in.
you've to tolerate without making noise.
You can't scream.
this is regulation. you understand?
Who is screaming here?
Let's do something urgent. let's go.
Alright. you may go in now.
Come on...
Let her down. lighter...
Your Majesty. here comes Lady Ian.
His Majesty seems to be unhappy.
But he is so smart!
Lady Ian. try your best to serve His Majesty.
Remember. you've to climb out
from the end of the quilted coverlet.
Dismiss.
Get up.
What are you doing?
| am almost suffocated.
| don't want to go out from there.
Good night. Your Majesty.
The army is setting out.
Where are you going to?
That is my leg.
It doesn't hurt. it doesn't hurt...
What did you say?
Your Majesty. come on.
They are fooling me. they are fooling me.
Your Majesty. don't be so unhappy.
| don't want you to teach me.
Men.
Take her away.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Your Majesty. save it or not?
No.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Save what?
According to His Majesty.
you can't save His Majesty's sperm.
Turn.
What? What are you doing?
Clean her thoroughly.
so His Majesty's sperm won't be left.
Why didn't he let me keep his sperm?
Since you couldn't make His Majesty feel happy.
so you can't keep that.
When you are called again.
you've to try your best to serve.
If you are pregnant. you will be the queen.
We'll be happy for you. right?
Take her for thorough bathing.
Yes.
Poor girl.
she doesn't know how to flatter me.
Listen.
Brush her with a hard brush!
Why? Why didn't His Majesty let me keep his sperm?
| am so poor. Tung Tung.
Tung Tung!
Tung Tung...
No. no!
Few months passed. Hsien-feng
didn't call Yu-lan for a second time.
Lady Li was specially loved by Hsien-feng.
She's been sitting here for half day.
Someone said she'd got crazy.
She didn't eat.
| think she'll commit suicide sooner or later.
Dad. mom.
| am sorry.
| am so helpless.
Oh. you are here.
His Majesty asked everyone to Yuan Ming Yuan.
Nobody told me.
But it doesn't matter.
His Majesty just wants Sister Li.
Alright. | don't want to say any more.
Come and comb my hair for me please.
Day dreaming again?
Did the dead cat possess you?
| asked you to comb my hair.
What did you say?
Did you kill my Tung Tung?
Tung Tung.
Don't pretend. did you kill my cat?
| won't give you a damn!
Is that your idea or Li's idea?
You bitch. | killed your cat. so what?
Do you dare kill me?
You killed Tung...
Help. it's not my business. it's Sister Li's idea.
Li asked us to cook your cat.
Help...
| will be punished.
| don't want to be in jail.
So many people live in the palace.
many people will disappear without reasons.
So. just take her as another missing case.
no one will suspect.
| didn't see anything. | just wake up.
Da Niu. will you drag me down?
No. | won't!
Keep this secret. you can't tell anyone.
No. | won't tell.
She won't drag me down. she won't.
Throw the bloody bed sheet
and clothe to the well.
Prince Kung.
Why did you kill her.
She won't betray me. she won't.
She promised not to tell. she won't drag me down.
This palace is just like war field.
If you don't kill. you will be killed.
You and | have to survive.
In order to reach this goal.
we have to step and
climb over the other's corpses.
Yu Ian. for ourselves. for our survival.
she should be killed.
Change now.
Go.
| want you to remember my words.
Since you become the lady.
you've to be loved by His Majesty.
Or. you are just like dying.
Remember. you've to try every means
to get the love of His Majesty.
This is your fate.
If you have problem. take this jade to find me.
The 2nd summer after Yu Lan
was sent to the palace.
She applied for a leave
with the excuse of her mom's sickness.
Since her status was not important.
So. her apply was easily approved.
We are prostitute!
Miss. you want to learn how to be a hooker?
| just want to learn...
all the techniques to fancy a man.
Auntie Chiu.
The virgins we bought here should start
from sitting paper money.
| want them to sit on the paper...
and make it to become a fan within twenty seconds.
And. the egg below should not be broken.
In other words. they should practise
the power of their pussy.
So as to control the speed of the intercourse.
How long should | take
to practise such techniques?
At least three years.
And. you have to sit on a pot everyday.
So as to train the musscle of your pussy.
To make it thicker than normal woman.
Thus. the man will have special fun
when screwing you.
| don't have so much time.
So. | suggest you have to attact his heart.
What?
Sometimes. the men are so cheap.
They prefer concubines to wives.
but prefer hooker to concubines.
However. they still love fooling around.
and they enjoy unsuccessful affair.
They just want getting those
which is hardly attained.
If you are easily screwed by them.
he won't find you vaulable.
And. men love hearing sweet words.
If he knows a woman loves him wholeheartedly.
he would be extremely excited.
So. | can win a man's heart easily?
Of course not.
You can't forget the stance in bed.
If you have no time.
| suggest you practise some other stance.
Say the preparation and the follow up.
What? Preparation and follow up?
Many women think...
it's a duty to make love with husband.
But they don't understand this is
the happiest think in life.
Even you are very pretty.
when the light is off.
and you lie in bed like a dead fish.
and you pay no attention
to what a man do on your body.
everyone will get tired.
So. you have to be active.
You have to be very active in making love.
To stimulate all the sensitive parts of men.
Don't treat making love...
be a shameless matter.
When the door is closed. you needn't be shy!
You may use hand and mouth.
To stimulate every parts of the man.
Now. | will show you...
the sensitive parts of human body.
Ears. neck. nipples
are all sensitive parts.
Then. the inner part of thigh.
When you touch them. touch it gently.
Just like scratching the itchy part.
But. it's so soft and gentle.
Massage will make one comfortable.
After the intercourse.
man will be tired.
If you massage him at that time.
and the parts are correct.
it will be more comfortable than making love.
This is a man.
You have to make good use of your lips and tongue.
To give them greatest joy.
Be gentle. treat him as your favourate toy.
It's not dirty.
Like baby. so caring. so lovely.
Why is your tongue so great?
This is a glass imported from Persy.
No hands. but drink it with your tongue.
| can't make it.
Be slowly and drink it drops by drops.
When you drink the last drop.
you can win a man's heart easily.
Remember. man loves freshness.
And you have to give them the sense of hero.
Well. what kind of man do you want to handle?
An important man or an ordinary people?
A very important man.
Usually. such kind of man
will have psychological problem.
They wish to be
controlled by a woman.
Maybe his mom or his sister.
In these 7 days.
Tsu-hsi didn't go out of the door.
Within these seven days.
Yu Ian learnt many skills to seduce men.
In only 7 days...
But no one could imagine that.
these 7 days made 70 years' social unrest.
The fifth year of Hsien-feng. civil conflicts
and foreign threats increased.
The empire declined rapidly.
Hsien-feng could do nothing
but begged haven to assist.
On the birthday of passed Emperor Tao-kwang.
he stayed in his palace.
to beg help from his ancestors.
It's difficult for Hsien-feng to stay away
from wine and women for 7 days.
On the fifth day. he couldn't tolerate such life.
he got furious.
Bring me water.
Who is it?
| am waiting for your order.
Come in and clean for me.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Are you a new comer?
Yes.
You know nothing.
How can you serve me since you're new?
Your Majesty.
You...
| should be blamed.
| just want to see you. but nothing else.
You are...
| am little water-melon. Yu Ian.
Little water-melon. where have you hiden?
| am waiting for your summon.
But | haven't had such chance to serve you.
That's why | took this risk.
| know you are here.
So. | pretend to be eunuch
to take a glance at you.
But God knows that.
| couldn't have cheated a wise man as you.
You can tell it's me from the first sight.
Do you miss me so much?
If | cheated you.
let me be dog in my next life.
Little bitch.
rise.
What are you looking?
You've seen that. rise.
Pretty bitch.
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty. | can't stand any more. | am dying!
Are you my woman?
Little bitch.
from today onwards.
| want you to serve me every day.
Since that time. Lady Ian
was specially loved by His Majesty.
Soon. she was promoted to be Lady Yee.
Yu Ian need not live there again.
Congratulations. you are pregnant.
Really?
That's why Lady Yee was promoted again.
Yu Ian knew that she was on the road to success.
7th months later.
Lady Yee gave birth to a prince.
Named Cai-shun.
He was Emperor Tung-chih.
Lady Yee thus became the Empress.
She shared the same status with the Queen.
Now. Tzu-hsi
was no longer that silly girl. Yu Ian.
She knew very well that she was holding
something important. trump card.
How are the British and the French?
They requested 8 million taels of compensation.
They want few ports say Canton. Shanghai.
Niu-zhong & Dang-chou to be opened.
In addition. Tientsin.
If we open Tientsin.
it's just like opening Peking.
The foreigners could do whatever they want then.
They want to come to Peking to amend the treaty.
That's too much! | won't let them come.
They are coming with troops.
| think the foreigners are too aggressive.
Let's do something to delay them.
Send someone to negotiate with Lord Elgin.
And to kidnap him.
If their leader is caught. they will be in a mess.
Then we'll ask Senggerinchin to attack them.
| am sure the foreign troops will be collapsed.
No. you can never do that.
We shouldn't kill the embassy
during the negotiation.
It will give others excuse
and launch direct attack.
Your Majesty.
that would bring us unexpectable bad effect.
Right. to stay long with the foreigners.
you must have special feeling.
Su Shun. you are bluffing!
But | am more
honest than the betrayer!
What did you say?
Stop. stop.
Go to Tung-chou for negotiation.
Cai-won.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Go with Kwai-liang.
Kidnap the British general.
Let's talk to them with a hostage.
Your Majesty. please don't!
I've made up my mind.
Leave now.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Kill...
Fire.
Prince Kung was right.
The kidnap incident didn't bring hope to peace.
But led to the excuse to Anglo French War.
On August 22. the 10th year of Hsien-feng.
the Anglo French army reached the capital.
They Killed. set fire. raped and robbed.
The Ching troops retreated to Yuan Ming Yuan.
Causing great damages
to Chinese history and culture.
The only way out is to copy
what our ancestor did in Mu-lan.
In name of hunting.
Your Majesty. you've to flee to Jehol.
The enemies are just in front of our door.
do you want His Majesty to escape?
Hunting in Mu-lan is a custom.
It's different from escaping.
We don't want His Majesty
to be scared by the foreigners.
That's escape. you can never deny.
Do you want His Majesty to stay
and face the foreigners?
If you didn't insist to kidnap British embassy.
we wouldn't have become like this.
Su. this is your fault.
Now. you suggest going into fugitive.
someone should stay behind to clear the mess.
Lady Yee is going to interfere the court affairs.
Don't you think a prince offer you rights
to you influent the court affairs?
The rise and fall of the country.
every men should be responsible.
| am a woman. please don't mind my words.
Don't be so angry.
Your Majesty. we are ready now.
Who is going to stay and negotiate
with the foreigners?
| am willing to stay.
Prince Kung. the foreigners Kill
with no mercy. are you afraid...
| don't care my life at all.
Su should stay next to His Majesty.
for he is dealing with so many routine affairs.
Your Majesty.
so just leave every matters to Prince Kung.
And let him handle British embassy too.
No. you've to take the hostage to Jehol.
to ensure the King's safety.
We are a country of courtesy.
it's a shame to His Majesty.
Your suggestion is approved.
Hsien-feng brought his wives
and children to Jehol.
The Anglo French allies attacked Peking.
and they burnt the Yuan Ming Yuan.
Luckily Prince Kung did a good job to negotiate.
the damages were thus lessened.
While he was staying in Peking.
Su Shuen became the man behind the King.
Two opposite political centres
were established.
What are you doing?
Please forgive me. I've made a mistake.
Do you know that lead to a Death Penalty?
Do you want to be on top of me?
Please forgive me.
| will never do that.
Since that night. His Majesty's sickness
was getting more and more serious.
And Tzu-hsi'd
become less important to him.
Because he knew Tzu-hsi
was no longer the innocent Yu Ian.
You want to be over me?
Yu-lan.
Don't you agree to let my son be my successor?
| don't mean it. but | worry Lady Yee...
Go on...
| wish you good health. But...
But...
The Queen is a kind-hearted woman.
| don't think she can handle Lady Yee easily.
Lady Yee wants to be the Queen. | know that.
We respect Her Highness very much.
But in case Lady Yee
doesn't respect Her Highness...
because of her son's throne...
We worry that we couldn't protect Her Highness.
What will you suggest?
To copy the story of Emperor Han.
What?
Right.
Emperor Han wanted
Lady Kuo-yi's son be the prince.
But he worried his mother
would interfere the court affair.
So he killed her first
and then made her son the prince.
You mean
you want me to kill Lady Yee?
Right.
this is the only way
to stop her messing the world.
Your Majesty.
don't hesitate.
Kill her!
How dare you!
| am sorry.
| can't do that.
Even she has to be blamed.
she should get what she deserves.
Your Majesty. the Queen should be
respected and protected too.
You...
Your Majesty!
Alright. summon Lady Yee.
| ask you to come since | know | am dying.
After my death.
you'd respect the Queen.
If anyone does not respect her.
My spirit won't let that guy go!
To protect the Queen.
I've made up a decision.
Here is my will.
If anyone does not respect Her Highness.
With my will. that person should be killed.
It's useful to any courtiers
and any of my relatives.
Lady Yee. can't you hear me?
Yes. Your Majesty.
July 16. the 11th year of Hsien-feng.
| would like to make my son the prince.
Cal Wun. Tun Wah. Chin-tao and Su Shun.
Tu Han. Kiang Yuan. Chau Yau-ying. Mu Yan.
You've to assist my son to rule the empire.
Yes. Your Majesty.
| will leave my son to you all.
The Prince is a filial kid.
we will try our best to assist him.
Rise.
Lady Yee. please stay.
The rest of you. leave now.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Yu Ian.
Your Majesty.
If you were a man.
it'd have benefitted the country.
What a pity that you are a woman.
It's God's will.
Tung Tao Tong?
Tung Tao Tong.
The Queen is too weak.
Su Shun and his fellows are too proud.
After my death...
No. you won't die...
The Queen can never fight with them.
Your heard my will. that's against you.
In fact. | am giving them a remarkable warning.
| hope you to ally with the Queen
to fight against them.
We are women.
how can we have such power?
Ask for my 6th brother.
Prince Kung?
We are brothers.
Yu Ian.
Am | the only man of you?
Your Majesty?
Alright. leave now.
This was the last time Tze-hsi saw Hsien-feng.
In the middle of that night. Hsien-feng died.
Lady Yee became Empress Dowager. Tzu-hsi.
The cunning Su Shun worried Tzu-hsi
to have some counter attacks.
He arranged military force
to stay with him in Jehol.
He didn't let the eunches
and fellows of Tzu-hsi go in.
Long life to Your Highness.
Rise.
Yes. Your Highness.
How about the funeral?
It's almost done. the lama came.
Su Shun's fellows won't let anyone
visit & leave the villa.
Even a fly can't go in.
But | want you to go to Peking.
To seek for Prince Kung.
| am afraid that | can't do that.
You can do it if you are willing to.
| would try my best to do whatever
Your Highness instructs.
Great. put the hand on the table.
Yes. Your Highness.
You offended Her Highness.
thus your arm was broken by Her Highness.
You're kicked out of the villa and
get treatment in Peking. understand?
Yes.
Place this secret letter between the broken arms.
Take this jade to Prince Kung.
Ask him to come before the funeral.
Yes. Your Highness.
This is what Empress Dowager gives you.
Prince Kung. this is the secret letter.
Dragon flies in China.
Expel the foreigners and rebels with swords.
Phenix flies in China.
The Empress Dowagers are
to assist the little emperor to rule new world.
Yu Ian.
No matter how. I've to go to the funeral.
What's the matter?
Prince Kung came to Jehol alone.
Should we let him in?
He comes for the funeral.
it's not good to reject him.
We can't let others think
we are going against him.
Let him worship his brother. that's no big deal.
We will be generous.
Right!
Let's go in first.
Prince Kung.
My brother assigned you to assist the new emperor.
he'd his own reasons.
Thank you.
Yes. Your Highness.
Prince Kung.
the Empress Dowagers
would like to see you.
Well...
According to custom. | don't quite understand.
Su. please go with me.
No. it's your family talk.
Please go alone.
Alright. may | be excused.
Show the way.
Yes.
Are you crazy? How can you let him in?
You said we should be generous.
But we can let him
worship only!
What'll we do?
Forget it. they can't do nothing harmful.
Sister.
Will Su Shun stop Prince Kung
from seeing us?
Prince Kung will think a way to meet us.
I've stomach ache. | wish...
Are you alright?
Chun.
Yes. Your Highness.
Take Her Highness to her room.
Then Prince Kung...
| will talk to him. go and take a rest.
Yu-chiu.
Yes.
Pour the tea with cathartics.
Don't come in without my order.
Yes. Your Highness.
Long Life to Your Highness.
Rise.
Yes your Highness.
The Queen is sick.
she has gone back to take a rest.
Prince Kung. I've something to talk to you.
Xiao-an.
Yes. Your Highness.
Watch. and pay attention to spy.
Prince Kung. we are widows and orphan...
Don't worry.
Su Shun is too proud.
| risk my life to come to Jehol.
once | am alive.
| will protect the safety of yours.
| don't care about my life. anyway.
Before my death.
| am so glad to see you.
Your Highness.
Prince Kung. call me Yu Ian.
| dare not.
You are such a chicken.
Your father knew you were capable
but he didn't let you get his throne.
But you dared not reject.
You know Su Shun controlled
His Majesty to order the court!
They are afraid you'd come.
You dared not come.
You saved my life on that day.
If you were courageous.
| would have been your concubine.
Yu Ian.
What are you scaring?
If we are Kkilled.
that's a brave matter.
At least. we do what we wish.
Prince Kung.
my coming life depends on your courage.
Don't worry. for you and for me.
| will get rid of Su Shun.
But the foreigners...
| am full of confidence to handle them.
They will agree the Empress Dowagers
to stay behind and Kung to be consultant.
| am leaving.
Go back and arrange it.
Don't let anyone know that.
Don't worry.
I'll force them to transport
the coffin to Peking first.
Then I've my way to handle them.
But you've to tolerate on the way back Peking.
Where is the jade which you sent me?
Take care.
After Prince Kung left Jehol.
he decided to fight for his future
and Tzu-hsi with Su and another 7 courtiers.
Before he reached Peking.
he asked Tung Yuan-shun to draft a proposal.
to suggest the Empress Dowagers to rule behind
and Prince Kung to assist.
Su Shun got furious after seeing this.
Damn! They allied to go against us.
On Sept 23. 11th year of Hsien-feng.
Su Shun believed the women were helpless.
They arranged Hsien-feng's coffin
to be transported back to Peking.
According to tradition.
the little King should
wait for his dad's coffin.
So. Tzu-hsi arranged the little emperor
to go back first.
And Su Shun escorted the coffin behind.
In fact. the 8 courtiers didn't hope Tzu-hsi
to go back to Peking.
They arranged assassinators
to kill Tzu-hsi on the way.
But Prince Kung was even wiser.
He prepared numerous shooters
to wait for the Killers.
And he arranged the empress dowagers
and the king to go by another lane.
Prince Kung.
thank you for receiving us right here.
| am coming to announce a royal instruction.
We haven't reached the capital.
what is that about?
It's the royal message by the Empress Dowagers.
What did you say?
Are you kidding?
Here is the royal instruction from the queen.
Send Cai Wun.
Tun Hua to the court for trial.
Chin Tao. Mu Yan. Kiang Yuen.
Tu Han and Chiu Yau Yin. you're fired.
Let me go...
Kung. you will deserve it!
Receive the royal instruction now.
Whose's royal instruction?
From the Queen.
This is drafted by Prince Kung
and several scholars.
Bull shit! | am assigned by the passed emperor
to draft royal instructon.
The passed emperor had died for days.
how dare you...
Right. the passed emperor died for days.
you brought concubines with his coffin.
It's against the law. You'd be sentenced to death.
The Empress Dowager ordered Cai Wun
and Tun Hua to commit suicide.
| don't want dying... Don't kill me!
| don't want dying. let me go...
Prince Kung. Damn your ancestors!
You and that nasty bitch. you'll deserve it.
Su Shun. you big mouth!
Sew up his lips.
Yes.
Kneel!
Kill!
In 1861. Su Shun. Cai Wun and Tun Hua were Kkilled.
And the rest courtiers were fired.
Prince Kung held the power
and the Empress Dowager were behind.
Prince Kung was given the title Consultant.
he controlled the court.
And Tung-chih was given as the name
of the new throne.
It meant the government
by both Empress Dowagers.
Apparently. Yu Ian should be satisfied...
to become the Empress Dowager.
Where are you taking me to?
What are you doing? Let me go!
Don't be nervous. Sister Li.
What do you want?
| will treat you the way you
treated Tung Tung. it's fair.
No... Please let me go.
Yu-lan. no. Your Highness.
Please let me go. | beg you...
Go.
Tzu-hsi killed those
who offended her one by one.
But the desire of power
was out of her control.
Only a piece of paper...
could Kill her.
Your Highness. I've seen that.
What?
Speak up.
I've seen Empress Dowager
open your can of medicine.
| don't know what she had put in.
Here. Here.
My God. please bless my sister to get well soon.
| wish to cut my flesh to be
a part of the medicine.
Hope God pity me.
Sister.
| won't forget how nice you are.
Sister. will you blame me?
Of course not.
Although the passed emperor didn't love me.
He passed me a chop before his death.
| heard rumors that he gave you
many things before his death.
| have never cared about that.
Since | take you as my real sister.
Although His Majesty is so young now.
we have a long way to live together
& depend on each.
Sister. if | do anything wrong.
please teach me.
Sister. if not were you.
| would have been tortured by Su.
Sister won't blame you.
Thank you.
| am not going to bother you.
Please stay.
Don't go. I've something to show you.
Why not take a rest?
Let's watch that some days later.
Let's read it first.
"If Lady Yee doesn't respect the Queen.
"Kill her with my order."
| can't imagine he took me as evil.
Sister. what am | going to say?
Sister.
This is a secret letter given by His Majesty.
why do you burn it?
| don't want any misunderstanding
to stay between us.
| believe that you won't set me up.
| will never go against you.
So why should | keep this?
Sister.
Your Highess. the medicine is done.
Flesh and blood. don't drink it. it's awful.
Wait.
This shows your sincerity.
| can't forget that.
Sister. hope you would get well soon.
My stomach aches...
It hurts.
You drank something poisonous. so it hurts.
When you see me. | was adding the poison.
Chun is my girl who is placed near you.
| intended to let you see me cut my flesh.
Don't you understand that?
You're so cruel.
Chun stays with you for a year
but she couldn't find the secret letter.
After your death. no one would find it out too.
| can't imagine you fell into my trap at last.
You destroyed what | scared most.
Why?
For jealousy.
I've a bad habit.
| love lying.
Prince Kung.
Give way.
Her Highness said no one should go in
when she is discussing the court affairs.
Bull shit. | am the Consultant.
If | am not around.
how to discuss the court affair?
Go.
Yes. Your Highness.
Your Majesty.
Your Highness.
It's so late. why don't you take a rest?
| have just returned from the South.
I've heard the death of Her Highness.
Sister was lucky to keep your brother company.
I've something to talk to you.
Haven't you seen me discussing
the national business?
I've to talk about family business.
Get out now.
Prince Kung. you've to take good rest
after a long journey.
Since you've come.
| will take this chance to talk to you.
The courtiers said you are so busy
in dealing with foreign affairs.
If we wait for you to discuss internal affair.
it'll waste time.
And you are too busy.
you've to take rest.
What do you mean?
I. on behalf of His Majesty.
write a royal instruction.
Receive it now.
You want to fire me?
You are complaint by the courtiers!
Saying that you're too proud.
Prince Kung. I'm forced to do so.
Bull shit!
Behave yourself.
Alright.
the hunting dog will be cooked
after the rabbit is caught.
| just want to ask you something alone.
Your Highness. no!
Leave us alone.
Yes. Your Highness.
Take His Majesty out.
Prince Kung. go ahead.
Did you kill the Queen?
How dare you ask such ridiculous question?
You know it very well.
Judge from my power. | can never go against you.
But for our past relationship.
| just want to know the truth.
Yu Ian.
| want to hear the truth.
Why don't you answer me?
| just want to hear the truth from you.
Yu Ian.
Prince Kung.
Tzu-hsi reached the supreme status at last.
She forsaked love and kindness.
She ruled China for 60 years
by holding her son Tung-chih.
So. instead of saying Pu-yi
the last emperor of China.
why not term her as the last empress of China.
it'd be more appropriate.
About her happiness.
only she knew whether she was happy or not.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm